So far, the shopping cart, we have the plus minus and delete button, if we go to our database for
our shopping cart, we identify each of the card uniquely based on the card ID that we have right here.
So when we want to implement the increment or remove the card, we just passed this I.D. and then toggle
the account.
So to do that, let me go back to the application and inside the index for you.
We have the anchor tags right here.
So when someone clicks on the plus button, we want to call an MSP action.
Will call that action.
And since I've been implementing this action in the same card controller, I do not have to explicitly
mention the controller name.
But when we want to implement, decrement or do anything, we need to pass the card I.D. So we get past
that as the SPF parameter.
So we'll set SB wrote.
Correct I.D. is equal to we are, in fact, for each group for the card.
So if you do the add sign inside item, we have the capacity.
I have a copy this paste it and change the action name to a minus.
And we have to leave it right here.
So this I can call it remove and all the reaction.
We just need to cart it.
So let's go to our card controller and add those action method.
So first, let me make some space here with it.
First, create public action wizard, and this will be the last one inside the parameter.
We know we received the card.
Based on that car, did we have to retrieve that shopping cart from the database?
So it's a variable card is equal to underscore unit of work doctor shopping card.
But we have to get first our default.
We will see you close to 80 is equal equal to the card 80.
We do not want to use include properties because we just want to update the shopping cart code once
we do that instead, unit of work shopping cart.
We have the method of incrementing the count.
We need to pass the card here and the new count.
We want to increment that by one.
Once we do that, we can go back to the index action method.
So right here we will return redirect to action.
We want to redirect to the name of and index action.
Now, if you restart the application and try to increment your account, it will not work.
I want you guys to analyze on why that is not working.
We are missing one line of code and that is important.
Let's log in.
And let me show you if you click on.
Plus, you will notice that count is not increasing.
I want you guys to pause the video and find out why this is not working.
I hope you are able to figure it out and why that is not working.
It is because when we increment the count, we did not see if that changes.
Only when you call the saved method, then the changes are saved in your database.
I intentionally did not write this line because so far I have been including this every time I am programming.
Because of that, you might forget how important the safe method is.
So with that, if you and the application now, the increment should work.
So we go to our card and perfect offense we increment, you can see the total is also changing with
the count so that it's working as expected, that my confidence and pasted two or more times we have
minus and remove.
Let me first program to remove here.
Based on the current I.D. we retrieve the car clear and we just call the remove method on our shopping
cart.
Next, we have the minus here inside minus just the increment, the counter, so rather than increment
count because the increment count.
With that, let me run the application and show you one issue with minus.
So let's go here and add those to the shopping cart.
We'll have to log in, of course, once we add this.
Let me go to the card so we have three distinct items.
Let's try to delete the first one.
And that's what our total is also updated.
If we try to increase, that is working.
Decrease is also working.
But if the quantity is one and you decrease now with zero, it goes to a minus and that is not a good
thing.
So if the quantity is equal to one, then if someone hits the minus button, the shopping cart must
be removed.
So let me start the application, and before we take the counter, we will check here.
If cart start count is less than or equal to one, it will always be one.
It should never be less than, but it doesn't matter.
In that case, we just want to remove the shopping cart.
So we have this right here, in that case, we just want to remove our shopping cart in the as far.
We will be documenting that counter that's run this and test all of the scenarios.
Let's lock into one account.
Go to the card, and if it increment, there's one fact that is removed because the count was one.
Let's do that one more time.
And that's working.
So with this, our shopping cart is working as expected in the next video when we hit the summary button.
We want to load a final summary page before we place the order.